.\" Copyright (c) 2004, Apple Computer, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\" 
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1.  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
.\" 2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
.\" 3.  Neither the name of Apple Computer, Inc. ("Apple") nor the names of
.\"     its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
.\"     from this software without specific prior written permission. 
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY APPLE AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
.\" STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
.\" IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.Dd Jan 24, 2004
.Dt AUDIT_CLASS 5
.Os "Mac OS X"
.Sh NAME
.Nm audit_class
.Nd contains audit event class descriptions
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm 
file contains descriptions of the auditable event classes on the system.  Each
auditable event is a member of an event class.  Each line maps an audit event 
mask (bitmap) to a class and a description.  Entries are of the form 
classmask:eventclass:description.
.Pp
Example entries in this file are:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
0x00000000:no:invalid class
0x00000001:fr:file read
0x00000002:fw:file write
0x00000004:fa:file attribute access
0x00000080:pc:process
0xffffffff:all:all flags set
.Ed
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width "/etc/security/audit_class" -compact
.It Pa /etc/security/audit_class
.El
